#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
tunnelling
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
noam 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
what do?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
do not forget:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
buffer:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
general notes about this paper:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
~technical report structure:
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
oriented by the aim: we wanted to measure tunneling to SC thin / thick compare,
 model vortices...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
creation of sample (with detailed discription of the technique):
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
pilling, transfer.
 optical, 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
AFM, 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
heat cleaning.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
contact tests.
 what failed, and why JC tunneling measurements.
 with field field cooling first time observed XYZ why important.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
extra: fitting of DOS in SC.
 like mcmillen.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
more reference: Ayelet
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
abstract
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
background
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
theoretical background: Tinkham 2, 4, 5.
 vortices.
 density of states in SC.
 tunneling to SC.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
creation, characterizatino of device
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
measurements, results
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
Discussion
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
